A)
  1 - Load jQuery from Google
  2 - Create a new javascript file called "application.js" inside the javascripts folder
  3 - Load that file in your HTML header below your jQuery load
  4 - Use your .ready event on the document to start coding your lab

B)
  1 - Use a click event on the ask-a-question div
  2 - When it's clicked, perform a slideToggle on the ask-a-question-form-container
  3 - Toggle the visibility for both the up-carat and down-carat images
    Result: When clicking the "Ask us a question!" it will slide up and down showing a form

C)
  1 - Use the mouse enter event on the information image to fade in the information_text div
    Result: When hovering your mouse over the information button, some help text will fade in

D)
  1 - Use the mouse leave event on the information image to fade out the information_text div
    Result: When your mouse leaves the information button, some help text will fade out

E)
  - On a click event for the left button, animate the blue box to move left 50 pixels.
    Result: When you click the left button, the box will move left

F)
  - On a click event for the right button, animate the blue box to move right 50 pixels.
    Result: When you click the right button, the box will move right

G)
  - Use animate on the red_box to increase the width to 500px with a duration of 2 seconds
    Result: When you load your page, the red box will increase in width

H)
  - Building off of G, add a complete handler to your red_box animation to decrease it's width back to 100
    Result: When you load your page, the red box will increase in width, then decrease in width

I)
  - Building off of H/I, add height to the list of attributes that are handled on both instances. Make the height animate to 500px
    Result: The height and width of the box will increase and decrease in tandem.

J)
  - Building off of the others, create a step handler to console.log $(this) elements with and heigth.
    Result: Every step, output in the console will look similar to this: "Width: 100.9 Height: 150". You will see a lot of them

J)
  - Be creative! Create something yourself using everything you know! If you need help with the HTML and CSS, feel free to consult me!



